Add Vinberg's algorithm (#4023)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/LinearAlgebra/vinberg.md

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
DocTestSetup = Oscar.doctestsetup()
```

# Vinberg's algorithm

>  A Lorentzian lattice $L$ is an integral $\Z$-lattice in hyperbolic space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A Lorentzian lattice $L$ is an integral $\Z$-lattice of signature $(s_+, s_-)$ with $s_+=1$ and $s_->0$. 
```

>  A Lorentzian lattice $L$ is an integral $\Z$ - lattice in hyperbolic space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 A Lorentzian lattice $L$ is an integral $\Z$-lattice in hyperbolic space.
```

 $L$ is called reflective if the set of fundamental roots $\~{R}(L)$ is finite.

 See for example [Tur17](@cite) for the theory of Arithmetic Reflection Groups and Reflective Lorentzian Lattices.

## Description 
 The algorithm constructs a fundamental polyhedron $P$ for a Lorentzian lattice $L$ by computing its fundamental roots $r$.

>  Choose $v_0$ with $v_0^2 > 0$ as a point that $P$ should contain.

Reviewer 2: Maybe like this?
```suggestion
 Choose $v_0$ in $L$ with $v_0^2 > 0$ as a point that $P$ should contain.
```

>  Let $Q$ be the corresponding gram matrix of $L$. A fundamental root $r$ satisfies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Let $Q$ be the corresponding Gram matrix of $L$. A fundamental root $r$ satisfies
```
Also, corresponding to what? Normally I'd expect "corresponding to a certain basis", but I see no basis stated here?

Reviewer 2: Also, is that supposed to be the definition of "fundamental root"? Or a list of a-posterior properties? That should be made clear (e.g. you could mark words being defined by using italics or bold font)

 - the vector $r$ is primitive

>  - reflection by $r$ preserves the lattice, i.e. $\frac{2}{r^2}*r*Q$ is an integer matrix.

Reviewer 2: This bullet point ends with a period, the others don't. perhaps end all of them with a comma or semicolon, except for the last one (which should end with a period)?

 - the pair $(r, v_0)$ is positive oriented, i.e. $(r, v_0) > 0$
 - the product $(r, \~{r}) \geq \ 0$ for all roots $\~{r}$ already found

>  This implies that $r^2$ divides $2*i$ for $i$ being the level of $Q$, i.e. the last invariant of the smith normal form of $Q$. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This implies that $r^2$ divides $2*i$ for $i$ being the level of $Q$, i.e. the last invariant of the Smith normal form of $Q$. 
```

 $P$ can be constructed by solving $(r, v_0) = n$ and $r^2 = k$ by increasing order of the value $\frac{n^2}{k}$ and $r$ satisfying the above conditions.

>  Perhaps $v_0$ lies on one or on several roots. Then $P$ is cannot be uniquely determined.

Reviewer 2: Grammar:
```suggestion
 Perhaps $v_0$ lies on one or on several roots. Then $P$ is not uniquely determined.
```
But I would also say this sentence is overall a bit awkward. How about this:
```suggestion
 If $v_0$ lies on multiple roots then $P$ is not uniquely determined.
```

>  Perhaps $v_0$ lies on one or on several roots. Then $P$ is cannot be uniquely determined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If $v_0$ lies a root hyperplane, then $P$ is not uniquely determined.
```

 In that case we need a direction vector $v_1$ that satisfies

>  - the pair $(v_0, v_1)$ lies orthogonal on each other, i.e. $(v_0, v_1) = 0$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - $v_1$ is orthogonal to $v_0$ ```

 - for all possible roots $\~{v}$ with $(v_0, \~{v}) = 0$ it holds $(\~{v}, v_1) \neq 0$ 

>  With $v_0$ and $v_1$ fixed $P$ can be uniquely determined for any choice of root lengths and maximal distance $(v_0, r)$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 With $v_0$ and $v_1$ fixed $P$ is uniquely determined for any choice of root lengths and maximal distance $(v_0, r)$.
```

 We choose the first roots $r$ by increasing order of the value $\frac{(\~{r}, v_1)}{r^2}$ for all possible roots $\~{v}$ with $(v_0, \~{v}) = 0$.
 For any other root length we continue as stated above.
 

>  For proofs of the statements above and further explanations see [Vin75](@cite)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 For proofs of the statements above and further explanations see [Vin75](@cite).
```
